feat(guide): add MeshIdentity guide (#2399)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/_src/guides/meshidentity-guide.md

be used with Spire. In this guide we will take a look on how to issue identities using bundled provider.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, make sure you have the following tools installed:

* [Helm](https://helm.sh/) – used to install and manage Kubernetes applications
* [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/docs/) – used to run a local Kubernetes cluster for testing

### Start a Kubernetes cluster

Start a local Kubernetes cluster using minikube. The `-p` flag creates a new profile named `mesh-zone`:

```bash
minikube start -p mesh-zone
```

{% tip %}
If you already have a running Kubernetes cluster, either locally or in the cloud (for example, EKS, GKE, or AKS), you can skip this step.
{% endtip %}

### Install {{ Kuma }}

Install {{site.mesh_product_name}} control plane with Helm by executing:

```sh
helm repo add {{site.mesh_helm_repo_name}} {{site.mesh_helm_repo_url}}
helm repo update
helm install --create-namespace --namespace {{ kuma-system }} {{ site.mesh_helm_install_name }} {{ site.mesh_helm_repo }}
```

### Deploy demo application

1.  Deploy the application
    ```sh

>     kubectl apply -f kuma-demo://k8s/000-with-kuma.yaml

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this example has `meshServices.mode: Exclusive` but I think you should explicitly mention in the guide that MeshServices are required.

    kubectl wait -n kuma-demo --for=condition=ready pod --selector=app=demo-app --timeout=90s
    ```

2.  Port-forward the service to the namespace on port 5000:

    ```sh
    kubectl port-forward svc/demo-app -n kuma-demo 5050:5050
    ```

3. Try making requests to demo-app
   ```sh
   curl -XPOST localhost:5050/api/counter
   ```
   You should see similar results:
   ```
   {"counter":1,"zone":""}
   ```

## Concepts

In {{ Kuma }} we define two concepts around identity that need to be well understood:

> * **Identity** - (Who a workload is) - A workload's identity is the name encoded in its certificate, and this identity 
>   is considered valid only if the certificate is signed by a Trust.

Reviewer: You can mention and reference SPIFFE here: 
```suggestion
* **Identity** - (Who a workload is) - A workload's identity is expressed as a [SPIFFE ID](https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/overview/) (the name encoded in its certificate’s Subject Alternative Name).
```

Also I'm not sure about the second part:

> identity is considered valid only if the certificate is signed by a Trust

you can have no MeshTrust policies at all, but it doesn't mean your identity is invalid. Can we just remove the second part? I think it's already covered by the `Trust` concept.

template from `MeshIdentity` resource. We also have generated `trustDomain`, and `origin` which specifies KRI (Kuma Resource Identifier) 
of MeshIdentity used to generate this trust. 

### MeshIdentity in GUI

In the GUI when you open Mesh view, you will see new sections with `MeshIdentity` and `MeshTrust`, where you can inspect these resources.

<center>
<img src="/assets/images/guides/meshidentity/gui-mi.png" alt="Data Plane Proxies Stats metric for inbound_POD_IP_6379.rbac.allowed"/>
</center>

### Testing connectivity with MeshIdentity

We can now make some requests to our demo-app:

```sh
curl -XPOST localhost:5050/api/counter
```

We should see errors like this:

```
{"instance":"d11ee97a4b45ff3a7b59091d1612b7f7","status":500,"title":"failed to retrieve zone","type":"https://github.com/kumahq/kuma-counter-demo/blob/main/ERRORS.md#INTERNAL-ERROR"}
```

Since we issued identity for our workloads, mTLS was also configured. Zero trust is default behavior in this situation, and because
we don't have any `MeshTrafficPermission` configured we see these errors.

### Allowing traffic in kuma-demo namespace

> To allow traffic in `kuma-demo` we need to create MeshTrafficPermission. Apply this:

Reviewer: should be 
```
`MeshTrafficPermission`
```
everywhere in this file

Reviewer: same for MeshTrust and MeshIdentity

Author: changed
